[docs] Add a "Whats new in v6" page linked on the sidebar (#7820)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/whats-new-in-v6.md

# ✨ What's new in v6? ✨

<p class="description">Discover the new features on the latest major version.</p>

## Data Grid

- [ApiRef available in the community version](https://next.mui.com/x/react-data-grid/api-object/)
- [Improved column menu](https://next.mui.com/x/react-data-grid/column-menu/)
- [Cell selection range](https://next.mui.com/x/react-data-grid/cell-selection/) [<span class="plan-premium"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-premium)

## Date and Time pickers

- [Fields: the new default input for pickers](https://next.mui.com/x/react-date-pickers/fields/).
- [Improved layout customization](https://next.mui.com/x/react-date-pickers/custom-layout/)
- [Shortcuts for picking specific dates in a calendar](https://next.mui.com/x/react-date-pickers/shortcuts/)
- [Edit date ranges with drag and drop](https://next.mui.com/x/react-date-pickers/date-range-calendar/) [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan)

## Migrating from v5?

> There're migration guides for both the [Data Grid](https://next.mui.com/x/migration/migration-data-grid-v5/) and [Date Pickers](https://next.mui.com/x/migration/migration-pickers-v5/), listing all breaking changes and providing a few codemods to help with your migrating experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migration guides are there for both the [Data Grid](https://next.mui.com/x/migration/migration-data-grid-v5/) and [Date Pickers](https://next.mui.com/x/migration/migration-pickers-v5/), listing all breaking changes and providing a few [codemods](https://github.com/mui/mui-x/blob/next/packages/x-codemod/README.md) to help with your migrating experience.
```
